Intro:|F|B|F|B|

  F                          B
1.If all our life is but a dream, 
                    F                                    B
Fantastic posing greed, then we should feed our jewelry to the sea
 B           Dm           F
For diamonds do appear to be
 F          Dm             B
Just like broken glass to me.

And then she said she can't believe
Genius only comes along in storms of fabled foreign tongues
Tripping eyes, and flooded lungs
Northern Downpour sends its love

Chorus:
 Am                  C           Dm
Hey moon, please forget to fall down
 Am        B        Gm   F
Hey moon, don’t you go down

Post-Chorus:
       F          B
Sugarcane in the easy morning.
         Dm      Gm
Weather vanes my one and lonely.

2.The ink is running toward the page, 
It’s chasing off the days look back at both feet and that winding knee
I missed your skin when you were east
You clicked your heels and wished for me

Through playful lips made of yarn that fragile
Capricorn unravelled words like moths upon old scarves
I know the world’s a broken bone, 
But melt your headaches call it home

Chorus.

Post-Chorus.

       F          B
Sugarcane in the easy morning.
         Dm      Gm
Weather vanes my one and lonely.
Sugarcane in the easy morning.
Weather vanes my one and lonely.

Sugarcane in the easy morning. (Hey moon! Hey moon!) 
Weather vanes my one and lonely. (Hey moon! Hey moon!) 
Sugarcane in the easy morning. (Hey moon! Hey moon!) 
Weather vanes my one and lonely. (Hey moon! Hey moon!) 

Sugarcane in the easy morning. (Hey moon, please forget to fall down!) 
Weather vanes my one and lonely. (Hey moon, don’t you go down?) 
Sugarcane in the easy morning. (You are at the top of my lungs) 
Weather vanes my one and lonely. (Drawn to the ones who never yawn) 

(Sugarcane in the easy morning) Hey moon, please forget to fall down!
(Weather vanes my one and lonely) Hey moon, don’t you go down?
(Sugarcane in the easy morning) You are at the top of my lungs
(Weather vanes my one and lonely) Drawn to the ones who never yawn.